# MagicStats
## Overview
Have you ever wondered how great you must be when compared to your friends? Escpically in literally any card game you and your friends play? This tool gives you the opportunity to shine light on whose decks might be a little too overpowered, but now you'll actually have the data to back you up! Powered (almost entirely) by Dearpygui and one lone trooper of a json file, you'll be seeing stats and numbers in place of supposed-to-be-fun house games in no time! And just to give you a taste of what you can do with Magic Stats: even if you aren't a chad developer like myself, you'll have near full control over the JSON data in the software, being able to edit the Games Played, Games Won, and Games Lost of each deck. You are able to view the stats of each deck, as well as how you (or your friends) are doing on a player basis! In other words, you can view how many games you've played, how many you've lost, and you can despair over your horrendously low winrate! You can compare player stats against other players, and I almost forgot to mention the LEADERBOARDS! 

## Installation Instructions
Download the project as a zip and extract the files as normal (Click on the big green CODE button slightly above and to the right of the files). After that's done, you have free reign from there! The only essential file it the MagicStats.exe, so feel free to delete everything else. 
#### Note: 
When opening MagicStats.exe for the first time, a file called Stats.json will be created in the same directory (folder) that houses MagicStats.exe. This file is essential, and contains all of the data you register in Magic Stats. If the file is removed, another Stats.json will be created. Everytime the application is opened, if Stats.json isn't created, it will try and read from any file in the same directory called Stats.json  

## Getting Started
You may be sorely disappointed by how... empty... the application the first time you open the application: this is by design, not to dissapoint you of course, but to allow room for windows to be open and moved around. You WILL notice a menu bar in the top left of the application. You can start by clicking on Decks, then Register Deck. From there you can edit the deck in View/Edit Registered Decks-which is a window that gets all registered players-by clicking on the player name for the associated deck you want to edit. To let the Leaderboards and Random deck feature use the deck, just restart the application!
